[1.13] Azure Blob Storage v2 docs (#3997)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-state-stores/setup-azure-blobstorage.md

The above example uses secrets as plain strings. It is recommended to use a secret store for the secrets as described [here]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).
{{% /alert %}}

## Versioning

> Dapr has 2 versions of the Azure Blob Storage state store component: `v1` and `v2`. It is recommended to use `v2`, as `v1` is deprecated.

Reviewer: Can you add it to this list https://docs.dapr.io/operations/support/breaking-changes-and-deprecations/. Presumably this is the annoucement of the deprecation?

Author: No we are not going to remove v1, also because there's no upgrade path. Although that's now legacy.

Reviewer: Ok. Then let's not use the term deprecates, since this has a specific meaning that this will be removed in 2 releases. 
Suggest changing this to "It is recommended to use `v2`, as `v1` is considered legacy".

Author: I'm ok with that

```suggestion
Dapr has 2 versions of the Azure Blob Storage state store component: `v1` and `v2`. It is recommended to use `v2` for all new applications. `v1` is considered legacy and is preserved for compatibility with existing applications only.
```

> Dapr has 2 versions of the Azure Blob Storage state store component: `v1` and `v2`. It is recommended to use `v2`, as `v1` is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr has 2 versions of the Azure Blob Storage state store component: `v1` and `v2`. It is recommended to use `v2`, as `v1` is considered legacy.
```

Reviewer 2: it looks like this was already addressed in this commit: [90d7be8](https://github.com/dapr/docs/pull/3997/commits/90d7be84addc6796a4749fbe8fdb04ff2ce25a2e)

> In `v1`, we identified a longstanding implementation issue where the [key prefix]({{< ref howto-share-state.md >}}) was incorrectly stripped by the component, essentially behaving as if `keyPrefix` was always set to `none`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In `v1`, a longstanding implementation issue was identified, where the [key prefix]({{< ref howto-share-state.md >}}) was incorrectly stripped by the component, essentially behaving as if `keyPrefix` was always set to `none`.  
```
